README.md, before:

# project

This README outlines the details of collaborating on this Ember application.
A short introduction of this app could easily go here.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (with NPM)
* [Bower](https://bower.io/)
* [Ember CLI](https://ember-cli.com/)
* [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/)

## Installation

* `git clone <repository-url>` this repository
* `cd project`
* `npm install`
* `bower install`

## Running / Development

* `ember serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

### Code Generators

Make use of the many generators for code, try `ember help generate` for more details

### Running Tests

* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

### Building

* `ember build` (development)
* `ember build --environment production` (production)

### Deploying

Specify what it takes to deploy your app.

## Further Reading / Useful Links

* [ember.js](http://emberjs.com/)
* [ember-cli](https://ember-cli.com/)
* Development Browser Extensions
  * [ember inspector for chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi)
  * [ember inspector for firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ember-inspector/)

Commit message:

add models, components and routes for project

README.md, after:

# project

This project creates a question and answer message board, similar to Reddit, Quora, StackOverflow or other such sites. Users will be able to submit a question, then other users can respond with answers.

The message board will allow junior developers and newbies learning to code to ask questions that senior developers, product owners, senior designers, recruiters, and other tech professionals can answer.

Questions will include the content of the question itself, an author, and additional notes.
Answers will include the content of the answer and the author.
Project includes a header and/or navbar that appears on all pages. It will contain the name of the site and a link to the home page, and other content such as social media, LinkedIn, etc.
Project lists all questions on the homepage, displaying only the question and the name of the author.
Users can click a question, to be routed to another page containing additional information and question details.
Users can add and edit questions.
Users can add answers to a question. Answers will be added and viewed on the same page as the question they respond to.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (with NPM)
* [Bower](https://bower.io/)
* [Ember CLI](https://ember-cli.com/)
* [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/)

## Installation

* `git clone https://github.com/eliotcarlsen/AskMeAnythingEmber` this repository
* `cd project`
* `npm install`
* `bower install`

## Running / Development

* `ember serve`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

### Code Generators

Make use of the many generators for code, try `ember help generate` for more details

### Running Tests

* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

### Building

* `ember build` (development)
* `ember build --environment production` (production)

### Deploying

Specify what it takes to deploy your app.

## Further Reading / Useful Links

* [ember.js](http://emberjs.com/)
* [ember-cli](https://ember-cli.com/)
* Development Browser Extensions
  * [ember inspector for chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ember-inspector/bmdblncegkenkacieihfhpjfppoconhi)
  * [ember inspector for firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ember-inspector/)
